then all israel came together to David
then all israel came together to David at Hebron saying indeed we are your bone
at Hebron saying indeed we are your bone
at Hebron saying indeed we are your bone and your flesh also in time past even
and your flesh also in time past even
and your flesh also in time past even when Saul was king you were the one who
when Saul was king you were the one who
when Saul was king you were the one who led Israel out and brought them in and
led Israel out and brought them in and
led Israel out and brought them in and the Lord your God said to you you shall
the Lord your God said to you you shall
the Lord your God said to you you shall Shepherd my people Israel and be ruler
Shepherd my people Israel and be ruler
Shepherd my people Israel and be ruler over my people Israel therefore all the
over my people Israel therefore all the
over my people Israel therefore all the elders of Israel came to the king at
elders of Israel came to the king at
elders of Israel came to the king at Hebron and David made a covenant with
Hebron and David made a covenant with
Hebron and David made a covenant with them at Hebron before the Lord and they
them at Hebron before the Lord and they
them at Hebron before the Lord and they anointed David king over Israel
anointed David king over Israel
anointed David king over Israel according to the word of the Lord by
according to the word of the Lord by
according to the word of the Lord by Samuel and David and all Israel went to
Samuel and David and all Israel went to
Samuel and David and all Israel went to Jerusalem which is Jebus
Jerusalem which is Jebus
Jerusalem which is Jebus where the Jebusites were the inhabitants
where the Jebusites were the inhabitants
where the Jebusites were the inhabitants of the land but the inhabitants of
of the land but the inhabitants of
of the land but the inhabitants of jiva's said to David you shall not come
jiva's said to David you shall not come
jiva's said to David you shall not come in here nevertheless David took the
in here nevertheless David took the
in here nevertheless David took the stronghold of Zion that is the City of
stronghold of Zion that is the City of
stronghold of Zion that is the City of David
David
David now David said whoever attacks the
now David said whoever attacks the
now David said whoever attacks the Jebusites first shall be chief and
Jebusites first shall be chief and
Jebusites first shall be chief and captain and Joab the son of Zahra aya
captain and Joab the son of Zahra aya
captain and Joab the son of Zahra aya went up first and became chief then
went up first and became chief then
went up first and became chief then David dwelt in the stronghold
David dwelt in the stronghold
David dwelt in the stronghold therefore they called it the City of
therefore they called it the City of
therefore they called it the City of David and he built the city around it
David and he built the city around it
David and he built the city around it from milho to the surrounding area Joe
from milho to the surrounding area Joe
from milho to the surrounding area Joe had repaired the rest of the city so
had repaired the rest of the city so
had repaired the rest of the city so David went on and became great and the
David went on and became great and the
David went on and became great and the Lord of hosts was with him now these
Lord of hosts was with him now these
Lord of hosts was with him now these were the heads of the mighty men whom
were the heads of the mighty men whom
were the heads of the mighty men whom David had who strengthened themselves
David had who strengthened themselves
David had who strengthened themselves with him in his kingdom with all Israel
with him in his kingdom with all Israel
with him in his kingdom with all Israel to make him King according to the word
to make him King according to the word
to make him King according to the word of the Lord concerning Israel
of the Lord concerning Israel
of the Lord concerning Israel and this is the number of the mighty men
and this is the number of the mighty men
and this is the number of the mighty men whom David hand jacobian the son of a--
whom David hand jacobian the son of a--
whom David hand jacobian the son of a-- hackman aight chief of the captains he
hackman aight chief of the captains he
hackman aight chief of the captains he had lifted up his spear against 300 kill
had lifted up his spear against 300 kill
had lifted up his spear against 300 kill by him at one time after him was Eleazar
by him at one time after him was Eleazar
by him at one time after him was Eleazar the son of dodeth the a-hole right who
the son of dodeth the a-hole right who
the son of dodeth the a-hole right who was one of the three mighty man he was
was one of the three mighty man he was
was one of the three mighty man he was with David at pest Annan now there the
with David at pest Annan now there the
with David at pest Annan now there the philistines were gathered for battle and
philistines were gathered for battle and
philistines were gathered for battle and there was a piece of ground full of
there was a piece of ground full of
there was a piece of ground full of barley so the people fled from the
barley so the people fled from the
barley so the people fled from the philistines but they stationed
philistines but they stationed
philistines but they stationed themselves in the middle of that field
themselves in the middle of that field
themselves in the middle of that field defended it and killed the philistines
defended it and killed the philistines
defended it and killed the philistines so the lord brought about a great
so the lord brought about a great
so the lord brought about a great victory now three of the thirty chief
victory now three of the thirty chief
victory now three of the thirty chief men went down to the rock to david into
men went down to the rock to david into
men went down to the rock to david into the cave of a dalam and the army of the
the cave of a dalam and the army of the
the cave of a dalam and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of
Philistines encamped in the valley of
Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim David was then in the stronghold
Rephaim David was then in the stronghold
Rephaim David was then in the stronghold and the garrison of the Philistines was
and the garrison of the Philistines was
and the garrison of the Philistines was then in Bethlehem and David said with
then in Bethlehem and David said with
then in Bethlehem and David said with longing o that someone would give me a
longing o that someone would give me a
longing o that someone would give me a drink of water from the well of
drink of water from the well of
drink of water from the well of Bethlehem which is by the gate so the
Bethlehem which is by the gate so the
Bethlehem which is by the gate so the three broke through the camp of the
three broke through the camp of the
three broke through the camp of the Philistines through water from the well
Philistines through water from the well
Philistines through water from the well of Bethlehem that was by the gate and
of Bethlehem that was by the gate and
of Bethlehem that was by the gate and took it and brought it to David
took it and brought it to David
took it and brought it to David nevertheless David would not drink it
nevertheless David would not drink it
nevertheless David would not drink it but poured it out to the Lord
but poured it out to the Lord
but poured it out to the Lord far be it from me oh my god that I
far be it from me oh my god that I
far be it from me oh my god that I should do this shall I drink the blood
should do this shall I drink the blood
should do this shall I drink the blood of these men who have put their lives in
of these men who have put their lives in
of these men who have put their lives in jeopardy for at the risk of their lives
jeopardy for at the risk of their lives
jeopardy for at the risk of their lives they brought it there for he would not
they brought it there for he would not
they brought it there for he would not drink it these things were done by the
drink it these things were done by the
drink it these things were done by the three mighty men a by shy the brother of
three mighty men a by shy the brother of
three mighty men a by shy the brother of Joab was chief of another three he had
Joab was chief of another three he had
Joab was chief of another three he had lifted up his spear against three
lifted up his spear against three
lifted up his spear against three hundred men killed them and won a name
hundred men killed them and won a name
hundred men killed them and won a name among these three
among these three
among these three of the three he was more honored than
of the three he was more honored than
of the three he was more honored than the other two men therefore he became
the other two men therefore he became
the other two men therefore he became their captain however he did not attain
their captain however he did not attain
their captain however he did not attain to the first three benaiah was the son
to the first three benaiah was the son
to the first three benaiah was the son of jehoiada the son of a valiant man
of jehoiada the son of a valiant man
of jehoiada the son of a valiant man from cap ZL who had done many deeds he
from cap ZL who had done many deeds he
from cap ZL who had done many deeds he had killed to land like heroes of MOA he
had killed to land like heroes of MOA he
had killed to land like heroes of MOA he had also gone down and killed a lion in
had also gone down and killed a lion in
had also gone down and killed a lion in the midst of a pit on a snowy day and he
the midst of a pit on a snowy day and he
the midst of a pit on a snowy day and he killed an Egyptian a man of great height
killed an Egyptian a man of great height
killed an Egyptian a man of great height five cubits tall in the Egyptians hand
five cubits tall in the Egyptians hand
five cubits tall in the Egyptians hand there was a spear like a Weaver's beam
there was a spear like a Weaver's beam
there was a spear like a Weaver's beam and he went down to him with a staff
and he went down to him with a staff
and he went down to him with a staff rested the spare out of the Egyptians
rested the spare out of the Egyptians
rested the spare out of the Egyptians hand and killed him with his own spear
hand and killed him with his own spear
hand and killed him with his own spear these things benaiah the son of jehoiada
these things benaiah the son of jehoiada
these things benaiah the son of jehoiada did and won a name among three mighty
did and won a name among three mighty
did and won a name among three mighty men indeed he was more honored than the
men indeed he was more honored than the
men indeed he was more honored than the 30 but he did not attain to the first
30 but he did not attain to the first
30 but he did not attain to the first three and David appointed him over his
three and David appointed him over his
three and David appointed him over his gun also the mighty warriors were a
gun also the mighty warriors were a
gun also the mighty warriors were a Sahel the brother of joy L hainan the
Sahel the brother of joy L hainan the
Sahel the brother of joy L hainan the son of Doda of Bethlehem Shama
son of Doda of Bethlehem Shama
son of Doda of Bethlehem Shama the hero right healers the pillow night
the hero right healers the pillow night
the hero right healers the pillow night IRA the son of Akash but incorrect a by
IRA the son of Akash but incorrect a by
IRA the son of Akash but incorrect a by either the Amitha fight civic I the hue
either the Amitha fight civic I the hue
either the Amitha fight civic I the hue schhh a fight I'll I be a at
schhh a fight I'll I be a at
schhh a fight I'll I be a at Meharry I burn at a fight
Meharry I burn at a fight
Meharry I burn at a fight he led the son of Bayer than a tougher
he led the son of Bayer than a tougher
he led the son of Bayer than a tougher fight I fail the son of rye by of Gibeah
fight I fail the son of rye by of Gibeah
fight I fail the son of rye by of Gibeah of the sons of Benjamin denier the peer
of the sons of Benjamin denier the peer
of the sons of Benjamin denier the peer of the night charreah of the Brooks of
of the night charreah of the Brooks of
of the night charreah of the Brooks of gasps a BL the Arbour fight as maybethe
gasps a BL the Arbour fight as maybethe
gasps a BL the Arbour fight as maybethe the muhammad Eliab ah the che alba night
the muhammad Eliab ah the che alba night
the muhammad Eliab ah the che alba night the sons of haitian the Geiser night
the sons of haitian the Geiser night
the sons of haitian the Geiser night Jonathan the son of shaker the hero
Jonathan the son of shaker the hero
Jonathan the son of shaker the hero right a Higham the son of sacral the
right a Higham the son of sacral the
right a Higham the son of sacral the hero right alai 'full the son of Earth
hero right alai 'full the son of Earth
hero right alai 'full the son of Earth Aoife the McAra fight a Hydra the pillow
Aoife the McAra fight a Hydra the pillow
Aoife the McAra fight a Hydra the pillow night Ezra the Carmelite nay awry the
night Ezra the Carmelite nay awry the
night Ezra the Carmelite nay awry the son of s by Joelle the brother of Nathan
son of s by Joelle the brother of Nathan
son of s by Joelle the brother of Nathan libera the son of Hagrid zelich the
libera the son of Hagrid zelich the
libera the son of Hagrid zelich the ammonite naira the beer effect the
ammonite naira the beer effect the
ammonite naira the beer effect the armour-bearer of jove the son of zara
armour-bearer of jove the son of zara
armour-bearer of jove the son of zara aya ira the if right Garrett the earth
aya ira the if right Garrett the earth
aya ira the if right Garrett the earth right Uriah the Hittite zeebad the son
right Uriah the Hittite zeebad the son
right Uriah the Hittite zeebad the son of a lie a Donna the son of shiza the
of a lie a Donna the son of shiza the
of a lie a Donna the son of shiza the Reuben ight a chief of the rubra knights
Reuben ight a chief of the rubra knights
Reuben ight a chief of the rubra knights and 30 with him Hainan the son of
and 30 with him Hainan the son of
and 30 with him Hainan the son of America Josh of at the midnight Isaiah
America Josh of at the midnight Isaiah
America Josh of at the midnight Isaiah the ash terrified Shaima and Jil the
the ash terrified Shaima and Jil the
the ash terrified Shaima and Jil the sons of who 'then the Aurora right jude
sons of who 'then the Aurora right jude
sons of who 'then the Aurora right jude IL the son of shem ray and show her his
IL the son of shem ray and show her his
IL the son of shem ray and show her his brother the tis I'd alive they may have
brother the tis I'd alive they may have
brother the tis I'd alive they may have right
right
right jeribai and Josh Avaya the sons of L Nia
jeribai and Josh Avaya the sons of L Nia
jeribai and Josh Avaya the sons of L Nia if ma the Moabite Belial Obed and J SEO
if ma the Moabite Belial Obed and J SEO
if ma the Moabite Belial Obed and J SEO name is OB